updates to include extra docker step (#978)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/getting-started/add-data.md

## About the dataset

> The dataset contains second-by second stock-trade data for the top 100 most-traded symbols, in a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dataset contains second-by-second stock-trade data for the top 100 most-traded symbols, in a 
```

hypertable named `stocks_real_time`. It also includes a separate table of company symbols and company 

> names, in a table named `company`. `company` is not a hypertable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
names, in an ordinary SQL table named `company`.
```

> names, in a table named `company`. `company` is not a hypertable.

Author: ```suggestion
names, in an ordinary PostgreSQL table named `company`. 
```

### Table details

`stocks_real_time`: Stock data. Includes stock price quotes at every second during trading hours.

> * time (timestamptz): timestamp column incrementing second by second
> * symbol (text): symbols representing a company, mapped to company names in the `company` table
> * price (double precision): stock quote price for a company at the given timestamp
> * day_volume (int): number of shares traded each day, NULL values indicate the market is closed

Author: ```suggestion
- time (timestamptz): timestamp column incrementing second by second
- symbol (text): symbols representing a company, mapped to company names in the `company` table
- price (double precision): stock quote price for a company at the given timestamp
- day_volume (int): number of shares traded each day, NULL values indicate the market is closed
```

> * day_volume (int): number of shares traded each day, NULL values indicate the market is closed

Author: ```suggestion
* **`stocks_real_time`:** Stock data. Includes stock price quotes at every second during trading hours.
   * time (timestamptz): timestamp column incrementing second by second
   * symbol (text): symbols representing a company, mapped to company names in the `company` table
   * price (double precision): stock quote price for a company at the given timestamp
   * day_volume (int): number of shares traded each day, NULL values indicate the market is closed
```

> `stocks_real_time`: Stock data. Includes stock price quotes at every second during trading hours.
> - time (timestamptz): timestamp column incrementing second by second
> - symbol (text): symbols representing a company, mapped to company names in the `company` table
> - price (double precision): stock quote price for a company at the given timestamp
> - day_volume (int): number of shares traded each day, NULL values indicate the market is closed

Author: ```suggestion
* **`stocks_real_time`**: Stock data. Includes stock price quotes at every second during trading hours.
   *  time (timestamptz): timestamp column incrementing second by second
   *  symbol (text): symbols representing a company, mapped to company names in the `company` table
   * price (double precision): stock quote price for a company at the given timestamp
   * day_volume (int): number of shares traded each day, NULL values indicate the market is closed
```

>     * time (timestamptz): timestamp column incrementing second by second
>     * symbol (text): symbols representing a company, mapped to company names in the `company` table
>     * price (double precision): stock quote price for a company at the given timestamp
>     * day_volume (int): number of shares traded each day, NULL values indicate the market is closed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* time (timestamptz): timestamp column incrementing second by second
* symbol (text): symbols representing a company, mapped to company names in the `company` table
* price (double precision): stock quote price for a company at the given timestamp
* day_volume (int): number of shares traded each day, NULL values indicate the market is closed
```

Assuming this isn't intended to be a code block anymore? One little annoying thing about Markdown: if they're used outside of a nested list, indents automatically create code blocks.

`company`: mapping for symbols to company names

>     * symbol (text): the symbol representing a company name
>     * name (text): corresponding company name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* symbol (text): the symbol representing a company name
* name (text): corresponding company name
```

> * symbol (text): the symbol representing a company name
> * name (text): corresponding company name

Author: ```suggestion
- symbol (text): the symbol representing a company name
- name (text): corresponding company name
```

    );
    ```

> 1.  Download the following `.zip` file. The file contains two `.csv` files: one with company 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1.  Download this `.zip` file. The file contains two `.csv` files: one with company 
```

> information, and one with real-time stock trades for one month.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    information, and one with real-time stock trades for one month.
```

    Download: <tag type="download">[real_time_stock_data.zip](https://s3.amazonaws.com/assets.timescale.com/docs/downloads/)</tag>

1.  In a new terminal window, run this code to unzip the `.csv` files:
    ```bash
    unzip stock_data_real_time.zip
    ```

> 1.  For folks using Docker containers, you will have to add the data files to your container before 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  If you're using a Docker container, add the data files to your container before 
```

copying them into your database:
    ```bash
    docker cp stocks_real_time.csv timescaledb:/stocks_real_time.csv

    docker cp company.csv timescaledb:/company.csv
    ```

1. At the `psql` prompt, insert the data into your TimescleDB instance. If the `.csv` files aren't in 

> your current directory, replace the file paths as needed:

Reviewer 2: The numbering is resetting here:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3914967/159819655-d5e84356-3441-47ed-8e3f-01a369f6d022.png)
